Add op_idx to par info (#3667)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

* The ``get_operation`` tape method is updated to return the operation index as well, changing its signature.

  - The new signature is available by changing the arg ``return_op_index`` to ``True`` in v0.29

>   - Replaces the old signature with the new one in v0.30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The old signature is replaced with the new one in v0.30
```
